Meet-N-Treats ReadMe TABLE OF CONTENTS - Prerequisite - Install - Usage
- Author - Documentation ÔÅÆ File Structure

PREREQUISITE:

INSTALL

USAGE

AUTHOR

DOCUMENTATION: 1.Home ============================= - Allows users to
access the web application to navigate around the general
functionalities, which includes menus for current pet owner users,
owner/pet registration, owner/pet searchs (potentional filtering
function), pet owner socialization, profile setups, pet adoption, and
online pet connections. Functionalities: -Function Name(): Basic
description 2.Add Pet ============================= Allows users to add
pets for play dates, potential pet adoptions and owner registration.
Functionalities: - Function Name(): Basic description 3.Search
============================= Users can search other pets online as well
as filter through categories based on pet preference. Through this
functionality, end-users will be able to search and categorize their
search environment based on personal preference. Functionalities: -
Function Name(): Basic description 4.Explore
============================= The app will recommend end-users popular
pet owners, pets based on preference, and broader pet suggestions so
that users will be able to be exposed to variety of pets.
Functionalities: - Function Name(): Basic description 5.Play Dates
============================= End-users will be able to search for play
dates based on specified conditions so that pet owners can socialize
with other owners, while pets have the chance to socialize with other
pets. Functionalities: - Function Name(): Basic description 6.Profiles
============================= Allows users to specify personal
information so that other users may properly connect to each other based
on registrated information. End-user may be able to update their
information for others to see. Functionalities: - Function Name(): Basic
description 7.Market Place ============================= Search for pets
online for adoption as well as temporary pet-sitting. This functionality
allows user to connectwith other users so that people will be able to
comfortably go on vacation without worrying about there pet,as well as,
assist pet owners to easily find access points to adopt their own pet to
other people based on specified categories/preferences of the user (ex:
gender, age, income, etc.) The purpose of the marketplace is to increase
the recognition for the potential for pet owners to take more
responsibility for their pets in the case of adoption. Functionalities:
- Function Name(): Basic description 8.Adoption
============================= Allows users to able to specify adoption
preferences so that users can register their pets for adoption.
Functionalities: \_ Function Name(): Basic description
